In this lesson we will
look at generic models for
compressing and
transmission of multimedia signals.
Specifically we will
look at CD quality audio,
image processing like JPEG,
and video processing.
We will finally look at
quality evaluation issues.
As I mentioned in course four,
variations on the compression pipeline
are commonly leveraged for
storing and retrieval.
That is for iPod, Netflix,
YouTube, services,
[COUGH] and feature extraction for
mission learning.
This lesson will provide adequate
background to explore these applications,
but we will be basically looking
at from the transmission paradigm.